hello youtube this is my arts modern CFG
menu edited I give all the credit the
art smarter I'm not elite or anything so
yeah here's the menu like you got quick
menu in second menu lobby menu Park fun
you all listen is one menu quick man you
got super jealous possible to be really
bad for sniper so it um MIT be host use
this way it's the no smoking but it's
really good single firing but it's all
you want to be host uz to wishing on in
single fire but machine gun is for
pushing on single fire i think i'd use
for cyclers our FAL gone mo doesn't
where I edit that but doesn't work it's
actually up here explosive see it's like
that spectator god mode so you want to
go change team you use it you'll attain
to team to spectator then click it again
and pink I choose your team then you
know it work because you see how there's
like no score anything kcco this line
this menu got anti going ranked private
faster start infection you got four
pages that I and proceed and perceive
you want i'll show you one page of this
you got aim assist you being a CFG
infection proceed 911 custom class is
God mo godmothers the same aspect
spectator god mode but you can give to
other people like your friends same
thing it to do is telling the same thing
like yeah for spectator disclose a
spectator turn it on and then triggered
Kusa team and then they'll have it lobby
is super jump editor you could see if I
turn it up the high sand go I could jump
the highest maximum jump see I'm jumping
okay super speed the same exact way it's
like how fast you go super timescale
ever gravity on lemme game follow the
image that all that park menu for
accessible to work it to do click
and on then go here supposed to will
editor and club then when you're on the
explosive all editor you just do that
click that and then i'll press square
when you have the most strength you want
like the I mean you just press square
and it would work no you gotta die perks
Superman Superman work so you can set
the end your name in the menu you can
see I'm flying now okay now black ops
jump I don't like those because if it's
just retarded all Kirk's you can reset
my superman like doing that say
explosive bullets now fun menu yeah
Codfather me but I don't even like that
it doesn't even work nuke and Cara fact
most the time never works but it works
sometimes for me a disco scoreboard you
can see like if I can't open my slow
over because select that's how I open my
menu selecting up on the d-pad and yeah
but other people who's in your lobbying
if your host you can see it knife range
you can I far um it's like knife yeah
it's it's anything go prone you can go
home way faster friendly fire right you
try to edit but it didn't work but yeah
all right ac-130 bottom and all that I
don't like that pressure area I like any
of that kylcam data I don't know how to
use it but if you know how just put in
the comment I'll read it and if you help
me thanks sensitivity other me put it up
though I think 50 and we see you see you
got 11 20 25 30 35 40 in go to 70 yeah
70 it's a really fast sensitivity there
I'm just for fun yeah um mantle oh and
say don't know what these me but no gun
just takes your gun away dumb um cheat
menu it's you can have for toast on off
promo i I a pro mode I am edit unlimited
response so super sitting in the work
you click that and then I'm
here oh shit now well you can't have a
sniper you can't have a psych when you
do it but you can't get senior super
standing we work super reload that works
team change on search destroy I like
controlling people so I disclose team I
changed my team and um so it sa lake
works his friendly fire so I'm stolen
like my enemies team but I spawn with a
no I'm on my teammates team by some of
the enemies are and all I can kill the
mighty nice but I they're actually
enemies by show SMS mighty me it's kind
of funny um spam you got all this spam
there's like seven pages i think see you
got mr. m three two months HD ok and if
i go to map it has all the maps not the
dlc maps you could see as all these maps
not the dlc game mode free-for-all team
deathmatch doesn't work but i don't know
but yeah these work except for team
deathmatch it's only when i figure out
doesn't work to figure out who to kick
he got top rest hollow console and on it
will like so their name will say client
one and then you just kick them because
it said yeah shows it a cowl menu I'm la
call it works if i give you the thing
that are smarter has in his um on his
download yeah it's a video that it
worked for me so I have everything
unlocked color classes that's the thing
he has anything I'll put that in there
if i get 10 likes level 70 all this
works youtube name cold desert eagle
doesn't work but this is like if that
works but doesn't like show it like is
your kills and all that and um don't
forget to subscribe like my video thanks
thanks for watching see you